You fire your rocket launcher at the investigators killing them all.
That was easy.
Let's keep the rocket launcher secret for now.
You throw a pie at an investigator.
It lands on their face with a horrible splat.
The pie filling, acid of course, dissolves their head.
You invite an investigator to smell your flower broach.
Surprise! More acid!
You spin up some cotton candy and shoot it at the investigator.
It clings to the investigator's body, smothering them.
Also, the cotton candy is acid.
Holding a big red balloon, you extend your hand to an investigator.
They stop for a moment and ask, "wait... is this going to pop and splash me with acid?"
You shake your head no and they happily accept the balloon.
The balloon quickly carries them thousands of feet in the air.
Let's kill them the old fashion way.
You lunge at the investigator, but they are ready for your attack having fallen for it once before.
Before you can change tactics, the investigators are on you, casting an exorcism ritual which banishes you from the Earth.
You lunge at the investigator crunching into them with your deadly teeth.
The investigator quickly bleeds out and dies as the rest scatter to escape you.
You manage to inject your venom into the investigator's veins.
The investigator, prepared for this, takes out a syringe and injects it into their neck.
With your venom neutralized the investigators are on you quickly. They cast an exorcism ritual which banishes you from the Earth
You manage to inject your venom into the investigator's veins.
They start convulsing and foaming from the mouth. The rest first make motions to save their friend, but retreat to avoid meeting a similar fate.
You attempt to grab an investigator between your claws.
The investigator is too quick and leaps out of the way, closing back in and holding your pincers together.
The investigators attack, attaching thick belts around your claws.
With your claws stuck closed the investigators are on you quickly. They cast an exorcism ritual which banishes you from the Earth.
Frozen with fear, the investigator stands no chance. You clamp around their neck and crush their windpipe.
Others make motions to help, but are quickly demoralized as you pull and rip their friend in two.
Using your naturally generated electricity, you send a charge through the floor.
The investigators are unharmed. Stunned you realize they have prepared themselves with rubber soled shoes.
In your ironic state of shock, the investigators are on you quickly. They cast an exorcism ritual which banishes you from the Earth.
The lead investigator convulses in place as the others quickly back away.
Smoke rises from the investigator as their flesh burns. The others, repulsed by the smell, scatter.
You spray your acid on the unsuspecting investigator.
The investigator quickly reaches into their bag and spreads baking soda on the wound, neutralizing the acid.
With your acid unable to digest your prey, the investigators are on you quickly. They cast an exorcism ritual which banishes you from the Earth.
The rest react in horror as their friend is dissolved into a pile of protein rich goo and quickly run away.
You reach down from above and attempt to grab one of the investigators by their neck with your tentacle.
The investigator appears to have been aware of the possibility and quickly ducks out of your grasp, calling out to the others.
The investigators quickly surround you in your place on the ceiling. They cast an exorcism ritual which banishes you from the Earth.
As you wrap around their neck you pull upwards, lifting the investigator off their feet.
The investigator struggles making a gurgling sound followed by a snap.
Their lifeless body slumps to the floor as you drop them.
The other investigators scramble to escape your grasp.
You sense the foot falls of an investigator and time your spike perfectly to jut though their foot.
It was a trap!
The investigator was wearing stilts and you've only managed to puncture one of those.
Stuck in the investigator's stilt slows you down while the rest of their team quickly sets up a ritual.
Performing the exorcism, they successfully banish you from the Earth.
The investigator falls to the ground writhing in pain giving you the opportunity to impale them a second time through the torso.
The other investigators shriek in fright and scatter into other rooms of the temple.
The investigators complete their search and seems to find no trace of you.
You awaken!
You are an unknown, mysterious, alien entity on this world.
Your motives are understood only by yourself. They cannot be understood by mere mortal men.
Not even the cultists who wish to pay you tribute can comprehend the vastness of your intellect.
Bold move! By not choosing a name, you resist being pinned down by knowledge.
But knowing that you defy naming is still knowledge about you.
[pd.get_quality('name')] is quite the fearsome name.
With a name like that you are probably equipped with a talking rocket launcher and ready to fight Fishsanto.
[pd.get_quality('name')]?
It is YOU! You are the Great Old One.
Truly, your name chills me to very core.
You are surely an unknowable entity.
Wow... bunch of stuff to unpack here.
Wow... bunch of stuff to unpack here.
[pd.get_quality('name')] is quite the fearsome name.
But unfortunately being named defines something about you and harms your mythos power.
[pd.get_quality('name')], guard your mythos power and don't let yourself be defined by anything.
Unfortunately, there is a group of investigators who will stop at nothing to learn your secrets, discover your weaknesses and remove you from this world.
Protect yourself from them so that you may rise from your palace under the waves and dominate the Earth.
Remaining mythos power: [pd.mythos]
Remaining investigators: [pd.investigators_remaining]
Please take a screen shot of the next line and send it to the developer.
The path that caused an error was: [temp_path]
As your mythos power leaves you from the choices you've made, you begin to feel weak.
Tired, you start to drift off to slumber again. Perhaps for another thousand years.
However, just before you drift off to sleep, the investigators enter the room.
You feel powerless to stop them for the first time, but they simply take notice of you and move on.
As you look down at your form, you realize the decisions you've made about yourself have transformed you into an ordinary [pd.animal].
However, all it not lost.
You killed [killed] investigators and so have earned [killed] rune of the true name of the Great Old One.
The Great Old One's name includes the rune: [runes]
You killed [killed] investigators and so have earned [killed] runes of the true name of the Great Old One.
The Great Old One's name includes the runes: [runes]
Banished from Earth, you float aimlessly in the black space between the stars.
Try as you might, you are unable to push or pull yourself in any direction.
Perhaps one day, your orbit will bring you close enough to Earth so you may have your revenge.
You laugh manically
You destroy the Earth
As the last investigator dies at your hands, you feel tired.
Your mythos power is gone.
As you look at your form, you realize you are merely an ordinary [pd.animal], and no longer the eldritch monster you used to be.
However, all it not lost.
For killing all of the investigators you have earned 5 runes in the true name of the Great Old One.
The Great Old One's name includes the runes: [runes]
The investigators have you surrounded, but they don't know it yet. Your only hope is to escape or to hide.
You flip your fins and manage to swim past one of the investigators.
The puny human is stunned by your appearance and you easily escape.
Hidden in the shadows the investigators don't even know you are there.
You hear them converge and talk to each other for a bit before leaving together.
You are safe for now.
You hide in the shadows and take your opportunity
The investigators believe that you might succumb to poisonous gas released into your lair.
You take a deep breath in before the poison gets to you.
In a mere half hour, the heavy poison gas settles to the ground. You survive the investigators weak attempt on your life.
The gas floods into your chamber but you sit motionless.
The investigators will have to try harder than that to kill you.
The investigators have piled up some dynamite in your temple.
You leap into a nearby pool breathing the water through your gills.
The explosion is unable to effect the deep pool leaving you unharmed.
The explosion echos through your temple, but the labrynthian hallways absorb the expanding gas's heat and pressure.
You survive the explosion, but your temple is a mess.
A cultist calls out to you. By his garb, he appears to be a leader in your cult.
He says, "Oh wise and powerful [pd.get_quality('name')]. Grant me some venom from your most terrifying maw so that we may worship you better."
You gape open your mouth as the cultist cautiously approaches.
The cultist reaches in and extracts a small bottle of venom to bring back.
He seems elated at the opportunity to share this relic with the cult.
You gape open your mouth as the cultist cautiously approaches.
As the cultist reaches for a venom sac to fill a small bottle, you lunge forward and devour him.
The cultist yelps in surprise, but then in ecstasy
"My life to help nourish the dark lord. Thank you [pd.get_quality('name')]!"
The cult leader bows. Dejected, but understanding.
He leaves empty handed, but seemingly happy for the opportunity to have met you.
Look out! The investigators have ambushed you and they've brought automatic weapons.
The investigators open fire against you, but the bullets plink harmlessly off your thick shell.
As the bullets rip through the air, you lithe form drifts around them easily.
They say 'Discretion is the better part of valor' and you know now is not the time to attack.
The investigators are looking around your home, but they've made the fatal mistake of not looking up.
You attempt to grab an investigator between your claws.
The investigator is too quick and leaps out of the way, closing back in and holding your pincers together.
The investigators attack, attaching thick belts around your claws.
With your claws stuck closed the investigators are on you quickly. They cast an exorcism ritual which banishes you from the Earth.
You attempt to grab an investigator with your claws.
Frozen with fear, the investigator stands no chance. You clamp around their neck and crush their windpipe.
Others make motions to help, but are quickly demoralized as you pull and rip their friend in two.
You drip your acid on the unsuspecting investigator.
The investigator quickly reaches into their bag and spreads baking soda on the wound, neutralizing the acid.
With your acid unable to digest your prey, the investigators are on you quickly. They cast an exorcism ritual which banishes you from the Earth.
You spray your acid on the unsuspecting investigator.
The rest react in horror as their friend is dissolved into a pile of protein rich goo and quickly run away.
You remain hidden and the investigators pass you by.
A group of cultists approach you asking you for a display of your might. They request a gift of power.
Using your naturally generated electricity, you send a charge through the floor.
The cultists convulse in place. Their convulsing seems to become a sort of ritualistic dance to pay you tribute.
Apologetically, your cultists back away believing they have some how offended you.
A cultist calls out to you. By his garb, he appears to be a leader in your cult.
He says, "Oh wise and powerful [pd.get_quality('name')]. Grant me a tooth from your most terrifying maw so that we may worship you better."
You gape open your mouth as the cultist cautiously approaches.
The cultist reaches in and extracts a vicious looking tooth to bring back.
He seems elated at the opportunity to share this relic with the cult.
You gape open your mouth as the cultist cautiously approaches.
As the cultist reaches for a tooth, you lunge forward and devour him.
The cultist yelps in surprise, but then in ecstasy
"My life to help nourish the dark lord. Thank you [pd.get_quality('name')]!"
The cult leader bows. Dejected, but understanding.
He leaves empty handed, but seemingly happy for the opportunity to have met you.
You sense that the investigators are in the next room over which is connected by a thin, underwater cave.
Will you use your tentacles to reach through the cave and drag away one of the investigators?
You reach through the cavern and wrap around one of the investigators legs.
As you drag the investigator to the cave, you meet some resistance as the others try to save their friend.
However, it is of no use. You are too strong for them and rip your victim from their hands.
The investigators poke around the other room noticing the cave, but appear to decide that they can't fit.
Soon enough, they move on.
You feel the investigators walking in the room above you. Unbeknownst to them, you are hiding in the muddy floor below.
A surprise attack with a sharp spikey part of your body could impale an investigator easily.
You sense the foot falls of an investigator and time your spike perfectly to jut though their foot.
The investigator falls to the ground writhing in pain giving you the opportunity to impale them a second time through the torso.
The other investigators shriek in fright and scatter into other rooms of the temple.
Clearly feeling uncomfortable walking on the mud of this room, the investigators quickly move through to elsewhere in the temple.
Something triggers in your vast brain which makes you believe that an investigator is entering your domain.
Using your powerful echolocation, you manage to avoid the investigation.
The investigators complete their search and seems to find no trace of you.
As the investigator moves around your temple, you are able to sense when they get close so you can avoid them.
The investigators complete their search and seems to find no trace of you.
You hide in the shadows and take your opportunity
